Qmare, a game where aliens control the fabric of the multiverse, an elite group cracks their secrets and reverses a zombie plague by a rogue scientist.

The story starts in London, a guy with a silenced pistol. After triangulation of a paradox using a home made device, the protagonist goes to the elite bar and meets a woman then follows her to an outpost he meets the group where he has the rundown of the situation and how they have already reversed engineered some of the technology that enables free will/randomness to exist within each epoch. The protagonist looks at a map on the computer of the multiverse. The protagonist stays a couple of nights and respawns a couple of times then confronts the elite group about how is he still alive, then the protagonist recalls a similar event where he met a ex-military trucker and hacker then offers information and technology to the elite group. The protagonist is accepted into the group. During those nights there are zombie attacks and some members die just for fun and enjoy the night. The commander then offers the protagonist to a drive during midnight where aliens actively scans the environment, recon. They are on a road where they see an alien craft fly above them, the commander slows down and takes his hands off the wheel and says lay still, the alien craft intercepts the strange object and uses lidar to scan the convertible then flys off. The commander explains the aliens are sensitive to automation. The protagonist explains how he found the outpost with technology. The commander finds this extremely useful. They return to the outpost the, commander asks for contact details for the ex military trucker. And organizes a test of a gunship. The group baits zombies to the base and the gunship annihilates the swarm, the commander says that is awesome. The woman and the protagonist are alone in the outpost and they look up at the starry night sky the protagonist decides to go downstairs where he is confronted by a zombie where the protagonist is stabbed by a zombie's fingernails that were sharpened, the base is overrun and organizes another gunship fly by, there are only a few zombies left they prepared to meet up at a rendezvous point on a bridge, only the woman, the commander and the protagonist arrive. The commander speaks about the protagonists research on entanglement, the protagonist stays quiet yet mentions the strange zombie in the outpost. The commander then offers to find the mad scientist who released the virus for samples and possibly a cure. The game ends in a betrayal of the protagonist by the military, where the military launches a nuclear weapon at the epoch causing alien craft.
